here I'm back with my controlled
computer I got mouse support working so
I can go here boom you can see here uh I
don't have scrolling but I guess I could
do this because I can click down I
should probably make that scrolling and
still alt Tab and do
this um I can also do one thing that I
forgot to show that's super cool is uh
well I could just click this but I also
have Windows trans onion
man I don't have delete do I not have
delete let's see if this work Onion
Man
uh oh
[__] um Onion Man
and then what was returned oh
[__] all right and then I also
implemented well you can see anyways it
works so I go to Dolphin wait dolphin's
already open let's close both
Dolphins okay I also not that I have
this here so it's pretty good all doing
this for my controller I mean it's
pretty sweet so then I can do this and
then if we alt tab to here I have
implemented a pause so now ah right okay
I need to fix that
[Music]
boo but why is it doing
that we should figure that
out
unable to move Mouse they trying to move
the mouse but it shouldn't be
because well I feel like there's some
weird toggling [__] because it like
undoes
it let's try it
again how we pause
okay we still get the events which is
good so now I go over
here all right and everything's working
as
normal but then I want to be able to
unpause I thought I implemented
that but for some reason it's getting
stuck see is pause
true why is it doing it
twice oh I I think I
know
[__]
uh uh all right let's just close this oh
no we're locked
out okay
um oh no hold on I can do
this okay so I think the problem
is
um yeah we can't we can't use is pressed
because then in this Loop it does it
faster than I can
respond
um
okay we could just have the last last
one
be L
trigger so
then event
type button
press uh button
left left trigger
blank so in here
we ho down the row
down let me say don't we have the active
game pad already I guess not now we move
this and we set it in here so I think
that that should be fine so now if we
start it
up I pop oh that's not
good
what even
happened oh it's cuz it's [__]
unplugged I'm dumb as
hell I'm
done I'm so
done we try again
did it pause okay it did pause it all
tabed on the same time so we'll have to
figure that out but if I do this and I
unpause
wait why does it do
that
H I don't know what the right way to do
this is because what we want to say
is if they're all
pressed and
like they haven't been released
yet we could do it on the
release
um that's stupid right
sgbt
um
uh well okay let's go back to the
previous P because I that's easier to
explain I just want this to be like a
quick
cuz the pause would be sweet basically
what I want is I want to be able to
start m i just uh uh you
[Music]
know debound mechanism this mechanism
ensures that once the pause
functionality is triggered it doesn't
get triggered again for a certain period
of
time okay that's pretty good I kind of
like like
that I mean we're not trying to make
this thing the best in the world just
trying to
like debounce
bro hey what are you
doing hey hey what are you doing
now we're in this
hoe we just delete
that all right let's try
it okay now it's
paused that's not paused okay cool that
worked
well but I wanted to I want to add start
to this
bro what it steals my thing
though I want to
add um where my pause buttons
here
okay what is it doing it's trying to do
some AI [__] on
me no thank
you okay so now I should be able to go
uh oh dude I can use my mouse in
this wait but now I want to now I want
to disable it oh [__] but that's yeah so
I can't I don't know what that is if I
hold down the start
menu no what what is it Al Start Control
start meta start I don't know what's
causing that
[__] regardless here we want to
go oh that's stupid okay fine so we just
can't press tab here so we're not we're
going to just remove right trigger
two okay so then we don't all have when
we do BR
easy oh wait but I did okay hold on like
that no no no okay [__] bro stop with
your nonsense Microsoft like
stuff okay now I think it's disabled
because if I yeah if I alt tab so now I
can just be but then if I do this I can
alt tab back out and for some some
reason dude what is this stupid hotkey
that's being triggered that wants to
open up Microsoft
365 dude I I can't figure it out what is
it I think is it all four that would be
the funniest thing ever all right wait
let me try it on the keyboard is that am
I paused no all right so I pause it's
going to open up again
right okay some for some reason it
didn't open up that
time all right something like so let's
see what our mappings
are wait I'm paused but I can't
move bro I feel like this thing
sucks I [__] hate this thing
bro uh
okay yeah yeah I want to make a quiz
it's exactly what I want to do right
now
okay I'm paused but for some reason my
mouse is [__]
stuck that's such an l oh it's
cuz all right what if I just try to see
this isn't a button this doesn't count
wait is it a
button
what is going
on for some reason that gets
eaten
whatever um where should I make my key
mapping be
then oh yeah I need to
delete um
oh this is return I forgot that was
return what if we just made yeah I'm I'm
done with this stupid nonsense we're
just going to make it um left
thumb the left thumb is completely
UNM all right
pause okay that that worked pretty
good so now it's paused and I can
play
actually
fxs
dude I'm so [__]
bad dude I definitely should get that
grab this guy
sucks dude let me up let me up
yeah there's no way
out I'm so
bad
I was messing around with Mar earlier yo
Mar be doing some crazy
[__] oh
easy dude let me board K oh
bastard all right anyways so then I can
do this
this this
uh what what was shift
again
uh wait
no I got to remember my key bindings
because
it's
this
is okay that's shift oh but this is
control and I need control tab to switch
okay I'm
good dude the mouse support is sick I'm
so happy that I got mouse support
working all right that's it game pad
[__]